hi guys today i'm gonna show you a 2019
movie joker
a crime drama blockbuster film spoiler
ahead and take care
the film joker starts in such a city
we're lower and upper stray to live
together
wealthy people do not accept the poor
their standard of living is high
and they look down on the poor this film
is centered on the character arthur
who lives in this city he used to live
with his mother
he loved comedy and he wanted to become
a great comedian one day
his ideal was a host who used to run a
great comedy show
he wished that one day he will be with
that host on his show
he used to work hard for it then arthur
is shown
who is standing on the road for the
advertisement of a company holding a
signboard
some mischievous boys appear there they
flee after teasing him and stealing his
signboard
arthur is in the appearance of a clown
he runs after those kids to take back
his signboard
but those kids make him run and hit that
sign board on his face
as a result the signboard is broken and
they also beat arthur too much
being disheartened he directly moves to
his employer
he tells the whole story of what has
been done to him by the kids
but his employer scolds him unusually he
says are you in your senses
how do the kids do as such he says i
will also not pay your wages
arthur has low confidence so he cannot
speak in his favor here
being dejected he comes outside he
thinks
am i too worse that no one believes me
coming to his house
he begins to dance it is observed here
that he is physically weak
the next day arthur tells about those
kids meeting with his co-worker
his co-workers say to him it happened
wrong you should have had to care for
yourself
he says giving a gun to him with it keep
it in your possession
this will help you in the time of your
trouble arthur refuses to take it but
that man forcefully hands him over this
gun
then arthur leaves for his house he is
on a bus and there is also a sitting kid
before him
he tries to make him laugh then that boy
begins to laugh loudly
his mother is infuriated by it she says
to arthur
go don't disturb us but arthur starts
laughing at it
actually it is told that arthur suffers
some sort of a mental disorder he cannot
control his laughter and starts laughing
anywhere
sitting in a bus he gives a card to that
lady in which his disease information is
written
coming to his house he begins to take
his medication
actually this medication was rare while
he was not financially
sound so he used to take this medication
from the government medical store
one day he visits his psychiatrist and
she says to her
show me your diary what have you been
writing
opening his diary she finds a written
statement that i don't want to die
awfully as i have spent my life
then arthur goes to his house and his
mother asks him have you received any
letter sent by thomas
arthur responds no not even today
thomas has been shown as an aristocratic
businessman
and people are very afraid of him his
mother says to him
that he will surely support us after
knowing our condition
the next day he encounters a single
mother with her daughter on the way
returning to his house arthur begins to
like him enough
but he returns to his house his mother
again asks about the same letter here
arthur says he will not support us and
what is your connection with him
on the following day it is observed that
a single girl comes to arthur's house
she says to him i am noticing from a
time that you are chasing me
arthur replies yes i liked you
that girl begins to laugh at it they
soon develop a friendship bond with each
other
arthur again receives an opportunity for
a comedian job from a platform
it is a children's hospital when arthur
is dancing
going there then that gun falls out from
his pocket all kids are scared and the
whole faculty is surprised thinking
what is causing him to keep this gun he
is also fired from this job as the news
travels
he calls his employer and says it is
just a toy gun
his employer says don't tell a lie your
co-worker has revealed everything to me
that you yourself took this gun from him
arthur is again disheartened thinking
his coworker had forcefully given this
gun to him
then it is seen arthur is returning to
his house by train
there are also three businessmen who are
the men of thomas
they are harassing a girl sitting on the
train arthur begins to laugh because of
his mental disorder
and those three men think is he is
laughing at them they beat him too much
as his mouth begins to bleed
arthur was trying to tell them about his
issue but three of them don't hear him
at all
being aggressive arthur kills three of
them taking out his gun
he flees thinking he has murdered three
persons he locks himself in a lavatory
in the beginning he was fearing but he
begins to dance here
it was appearing as he is not regretful
he was also at peace
tv is broadcasting the news as he comes
to his house
thomas is talking there he tells that
three people who were murdered
they were my men and they were killed by
a clown here the poor people are
supporting the clown instead of feeling
sorry for these three murderers
because they are protesting against the
rich people in the appearance of clowns
arthur visits his psychiatrist from
there she tells we are meeting today for
the last time
because the government has stopped
funding us and i cannot treat you
without any cost
arthur is again dejected being sorrowful
he comes out from there
then arthur comes on the scene who is
making others laugh in a comedy show
he is unable to make them laugh in
anxiety he begins to laugh loudly
so his show is disturbed and he comes
back to his house his mother says
as he returns to the house my son post
his letter which is for thomas
arthur does not believe when he reads it
he says going to his mother
why did you keep it secret for me his
mother tells him my son
i did not do it deliberately thomas and
i had feelings for each other even
though we also wanted to marry
but i belong to a poor family while he
was aristocratic
so we did not marry because of the
societal norms arthur leaves to meet his
father
when he reaches there thomas's own son
is there behind the back of the gate
arthur begins to show his childish
behavior before him he also tries to
make him laugh
meantime thomas's domestic worker
approaches there
he says to that kid it is not good to
talk with a stranger
and he asks arthur to leave arthur says
i'll leave after revealing the truth my
mother served for 30 years for thomas
house
they used to like each other and i am
not the son of another person but thomas
the domestic worker says to him you and
your mother are both mad
he has fabricated this story he has no
concern with thomas
hearing it arthur feels ill and leaves
from there going to his house
he comes to know that his mother had a
health attack she is shifted to the
hospital
two police officers arrive at him as he
is sitting outside
they ask him do you know about the three
victims who were murdered on the train
arthur says no how can i know
he knows that her mother has been
interrogated the same question by a
police officer
it caused a health attack for his mother
he comes to his mother inside where that
single mother is also present
then the tv broadcasts the news and
there is also the same arthur's favorite
tv host
that comedian was his ideal he starts
watching his show fondly
at the first sight his own face is shown
on the tv
actually arthur's ideal comedian is
making fun of him
when arthur was unable to control his
laughter in a comedy show
in this way arthur is badly hurt
thinking my ideal is making fun of me
i have got motivation from him he is not
believing in it
thomas comes to the house and tv is
broadcasting news
that city's circumstances have gone
worse poor strata have come on the road
putting on the clown makeup and they are
protesting against the aristocratic
people
much enmity has increased among them and
they are all opponents of thomas
arthur is much excited knowing it all
had put on the clown makeup
he feels that his work has been
complemented for the first time
now the place where the poor straighter
were revolting was a theater
the aristocratic people were watching a
movie in that theater
thomas was also there police arrived
there to stop that riot forbidding them
there is commotion everywhere taking the
advantage of this
arthur moves inside the theater he goes
to the lavatory of theater where thomas
had also come
arthur says to him politely while going
to him i am your son
remember you and my mother used to
accompany each other
thomas says to him i don't know about
any lady by this name
and he strongly punches him as a result
his nose begins to bleed
arthur returns to his house after a time
he receives the call of the police
officer
actually they wanted to interrogate
arthur about that day when those three
men had been killed
arthur also comes to know that his best
love comedian has also invited him to
his show
actually the routine comedy clip of
arthur which he had played in his show
due to this the popularity of his show
had increased because people loved it
he is extremely excited and he gears up
to go there
but he thinks that thomas domestic
worker had told that my mother is insane
so he visits a psychiatric hospital
where her mother had been treated
he asked the record of his mother from
them he runs away after stealing that
file record
there was a written statement that
arthur's mother was in a relationship
with another person
he used to torture her physically at
that time arthur had also received an
injury on his head
so he is suffering from this disease
today he directly moves to his friend's
single mother from there
here it is revealed that she does not
exist she was just the part of his
imaginations
he used to visualize her arthur is much
worried because of his mother's wound
going to the hospital he chokes his
mother to death with a pillow
coming to the house he finds a photo
with a written statement at its back
that
i like your smile it was stated by
thomas and this photo belonged to his
mother
he realizes here that his mother was not
telling a lie he begins to apply his
clown makeup
being dejected he is blank about the
happenings around him
then his same co-worker appears there he
says i want to interrogate about your
mother's recent murder in the killing of
three persons in the train
arthur thinks they have again come to
make their life a chaos
and here he kills his co-worker
violently after this
arthur gets ready and wears the clown
costumes now he was preparing to go to
his favorite comedian show
he is very excited and he is going while
dancing on the way
both police officers also arrived there
who was detecting the train incident
but arthur runs away he boards a train
while running
there were also many people wearing the
clown costume police cannot search him
among the number
of people getting a chance of it he
comes out from there
and he goes to his favorite comedian
show he asks
going in front of him are you also in
clown look are you also revolting
against aristocratic people
arthur requests him don't expose me
before the people except for for this
fact
that i'm an ordinary clown then their
live transmission has started
onlookers get excited watching him they
are appreciating it
arthur's favorite comedian asks him a
question there that why have you come
here putting on the clown makeup
clown replies i always wanted to be
happy
and i also wanted to distribute the
bliss among people people liked me in
this look so i prefer to come as such
here he also talks about something
shocking he tells everyone in this live
transmission that
they kill people and train have been
murdered by me he says i revealed it
before you because many poor people and
until now
many people of the upper class violently
killed the poor people
has anyone given attention has anyone
raised a voice against upper strata
or tell me if someone missed the victims
why do the people are raising their
voices if i have killed any wealthy man
is there no equality for the whole of
humanity is there any specialty among
the wealthy people
he says society has been corrupted its
inhabitants are self-obsessed
it is not your sympathy at all if you
have invited me to this show
you did it as such because the
popularity of your show was increasing
due to my presence
but arthur's favorite comedian says it
is not at all
arthur is angered saying are you still
telling a lie
he fires his gun on him before everyone
taking it out
people are frightened and begin to run
outside but arthur is seen confident
here
he is not fearing anyone police seize
clown arthur on this crime
and police begin to take him far getting
him into the vehicle
but arthur observes that many people are
supporting him on the way
they are supporting him some of them get
in the ambulance
and they crash it driving speedily with
a police car so the police car is
crashed and the clown has come outside
now
he stands on the same vehicle uniting
with those people
all people were looking at him and
complimenting him with joy his mouth and
nose were bleeding enough
but he draws a smiling curve with the
blood and begins to laugh
spreading his hand actually it was such
a smile that concealed pain and grief
now he had become the ideal of everyone
he was satisfied with it
as people were complimenting him in the
end on the other side
thomas comes on the scene who is leaving
this city with his current wife and son
but a clown standing aside kills them
firing his gun
but he does not harm their son then the
location changes and arthur is seen with
a psychiatrist
he is also laughing there that
psychiatrist says to him
why do you continue to laugh for no
reason arthur
says to her you will never be able to
understand this feeling
saying it he comes outside his outsole
of shoes was filled with blood
it reveals how a pious man turned into a
murderer the gained moral of the story
is this
an innocent victim becomes a victimizer
if he has treated him
he was agonized in pain too much that he
became apathetic
now he was solemnly contented with his
life and the movie also completes this
scene
thank you for watching
you